After consulting with my lawyers, I decline to answer that question on the grounds that it may incriminate me.
Is Jones there?
He is not available.
Rhinos in that park are threatened by poachers.
Young rhinos are threatened by poachers.
Let's find a restaurant that's family-friendly.
I got glue for your daughter.
I got glue for your coffee mug.
We're going to Grandma!
Let's go to him right now.
Let's go to the lawyers.
Let's go to the press.
I think he is at school.
I believe that he is at school.
This wine is a young Syrah.
My cousin adopted one of my neighbor's dog's puppies.
The majority of students polled were opposed to tuition increases.
Most of the students expressed disappointment about tuition increases.
Many students have protested the tuition increases.
Most students oppose the tuition increase.
Most students oppose a tuition increase.
Colleges all over the country, facing rising costs, have had to raise tuition, but most students oppose a tuition increase.
Student after student came out against the tuition hikes.
A substantial number of students have come out against
the tuition hikes.
The number of students protesting the tuition hikes
may soon reach a critical mass.
Protests against the tuition hikes may have reached a
tipping point.
The Maple Leafs failed to win in overtime for the first
time this year.
The Maple Leafs failed for the first time this year to
win in overtime.
The Maple Leafs failed to win two consecutive games
for the first time this year.
There's coffee all over the table.
She poured coffee from an ornate beaker.
There's too much coffee in the grinder.
There's a lot of coffee left in the pot - should I pour it
out?
There are coffees all over the far wall at the expresso bar.
She poured coffees from an ornate beaker.
There are a lot of coffees left on the table - shall I
pour them out?
New Yorkers live in one of five boroughs.
New Yorkers reliably vote for Democratic presidential candidates.
New Yorkers constantly complain about how long it
takes to commute to New York City.
All New York City residents live in one of five boroughs.
The majority of New York voters support Democratic
presidential candidates.
Many New York metro area residents complain about
how long it takes to commute to New York City.
My favorite band gave a free concert last night.
There was some pizza earlier, but it's all gone.
There were some slices of pizza earlier, but it's all gone.
There were some slices of toast earlier, but there's none left.
There was some toast earlier, but they're all gone.
That franchise had a core of talented young players, but
it got eroded by trades and free agency.
That franchise had a cohort of talented players, but
they drifted away due to trades and free agency.
Many star players were drafted by that franchise, but it
has not won a title in decades.
Many star players were drafted by that franchise, but
they failed to surround them with enough depth.
Many star players were drafted by that franchise, but
they were not surrounded with enough depth.
Many star players were drafted by that franchise, but
they did not have enough depth around them.
The band planned a tour, where they debuted new
songs.
The team flew to New York and they played the Yankees.
Do you have almond milk?
Can you get MsNBC on your TV?
This isn't a screw-cap bottle: I need a corkscrew.
I think the window is open, can you close it?
I see you have almond milk, can I have some?
If you get MsNBC, can you turn on Rachel Maddow?
If there is a corkscrew in the house, can you get it?
I believe you have a reservation for Jones?
I believe this is the customer service desk?
I believe we ordered a second basket of garlic bread?
I believe you can help me find computer acessories in
this section?
Do you have any milk?
Yes, we have almond milk.
No, we have almond milk.
Can you put some almond milk in my coffee?
Is there milk in this coffee?
It's not open, but there's still some cold air coming
through the cracks.
It's not open, but I closed the window in the bedroom.
I can't - it's stuck.
I believe the kitchen window is open - please close it!
I believe some window is open - please close it!
Grandma wants us to close the window.
He wants a bottle opener.
Grandma wants us to eliminate the cold draft.
He wants something to open that bottle.
Can I have some milk?
Can you close the kitchen window?
People fed the rescued dogs.
Vets examined the rescued dogs.
Every singer performed two songs.
Everyone performed two songs.
Everyone sang along to two songs.
Everyone in the audience sang along to two songs.
The trade rescued a star athlete from a losing team.
New mathematical models rescued her original research from obscurity.
Discovery of nearby earth-like planets rescued that star
from its reputation as ordinary and boring and revealed that
its solar system may actually be extraordinary.
Those dogs are Staffordshires.
Those dogs are females.
Those dogs are female Staffordshires.
If the window is open, can you close it?
Please close the window?
I think the window is closed.
The window is closed.
Can I have some milk in this coffee?
The newspaper you are reading is being sued.
Liverpool, an important harbor, built new docks.
The newspaper fired the reporter and fell off
Liverpool wants to sign a left-footed striker.
That newspaper plans to fire its editorial staff.
Rhinos in that park are threatened by poachers.
Young rhinos are threatened by poachers.
I got glue for your daughter.
I got glue for your coffee mug.
We're going to Grandma!
Let's go to him right now.
Let's go to the lawyers.
Let's go to the press.
Three times, students asked an interesting question.
Three students asked interesting questions.
The newspaper you are reading is being sued.
Liverpool, an important harbor, built new docks.
The newspaper fired the reporter and fell the table.
Liverpool wants to sign a left-footed striker.
That newspaper plans to fire its editorial staff.
That wine was a Cabernet Franc.
Those dogs are my neighbor's.  
Those dogs are Staffordshires.
What's a Staffordshire?
It's a breed of dog.
If the kitchen window is closed,
I believe that he is at school.
Student after student complained about tuition hikes.
Three times, students asked an interesting question.
The newspaper you are reading is being sued.
Liverpool, an important harbor, built new docks.
Liverpool wants to sign a left-footed striker.
That newspaper plans to fire its editorial staff.
