
Note that according to Classical measures
of parthood, Expository mereology only has parthood relations
between wholes and profiles, and moreover we can
assert with no loss of generality that [rofiles themselves
do not contain (as opposed to \point to") other parts.
I assume a semantics where profiles are not themselves
organized data structures, but rather referential atoms
7
© March 30, 2019 Nathaniel Christen
leading to (arbitrarily complex) structures outside themselves.
Proper reference in, say, natural language is not
quite so simple | consider first and last names | but we
crtainly do seem to have a conceptual ability to coalesce
cognitive quanta with almost no internal structuration,
save for designating intellectually complex structures;
and with this mechanism build up arbitrarily complex
cognitive models. Analogouslt, computer software uses
pointers to build up arbitrarily complex data structures
without unworkable amounts of memory manipulation.
Our ability to designate complex wholes with simpler
icons | consider cities as dots on a map, or facial portraits
as links to bibliographies | sure is a key enabler
of complxity in our conceptual and semiotic systems.
In short, we los no complexity when we envision \pro-
files" as intellectual quanta whose only signification is as
a rational bridge to something else; i.e., in a mereological
system, profiles ned notbhave their own parts. Accord



I am now going to transition away from the case for 
non-antisymmetry and launch a review of different areas 
of philosophical mereology as I see them: w

`p.
What are the 
analyses to which mereology can be productively applied?  
What are the analyzands suggesting that mereology should 
be pursued as a distinct philosophical topic; that 
part/whole relations have some recurring, foundational, 
and distinctly formalizable role in 
phenomena and conceptualization? 
`p`


`p.
I contend this kind of model with limited granular 
levels is a more accurate representation of 
how Information System actually work, considering 
the design of resource networks (like the 
World Wide wen) and software systems (with 
objects and pointers) or (relational) database 
architcture (with tables and primary keys).  It is technologically 
simpler to have only two or three levels of 
organization and model complex structures via some kind of pointer 
or indirect (e.g., foreign-key) reference.  
Internally, technology that interacts direcly with 
multi-level, hierarchical information %-- 
consider an XML database %-- transforms this 
structure into something more like an object-graph 
(consider an XML Document Object Model). 
`p`

`p.
These two areas are sometimes 
grouped together as `q.Mereotopology`/, which %-- at a technical 
level %-- concerns alternative 
constructions for mathematical topology which avoid the 
arguably problematic notion of dimensionless points, and 
%-- in a more computational vein %-- concerns models of 
spatial reasoning and representation where individual 
points, infinitely divisible space, and real-valued  
geometry are cognitively or technologically implausible or 
impractical.  Both human and Artificial Intelligent 
conceptions of space seem to often rely on schemas of 
coarser-grained relations, like overall direction or overlap 
or relative distance, rather than precise numerical, 
geometric recognition of objects' locations within a 
real-valued grid.  From this basic orientation, I also 
believe the notion of Mereotopology can be extended 
to concern schemas where mereological and topological 
relations or aspects are interrelated, in a variety 
of cognitive, linguistic, and computational contexts.  
Therefore I assume a rather general understanding 
of `q.Mereotopology` as any theorizing involving 
mereological and topological analyses in consort, while 
not neglecting to orient such theories against the 
`q.core` notion of Mereotopology as `q.region-based 
theories of space`/.
`p`

`p.
Mereotopology can be thematized on two fronts: 
first, from the 
perspective of how mereotopological properties of 
familiar physical objects suggest accounts of their 
functional properties; second, from a more conceptual angle, 
how spatial and functional properties help demarcate 
the sense and extent of concepts.
The act of focusing attention on one object, or 
some interrelated cluster of objects, simulataneously 
marks their collective separation from surroundings 
and highlights their internal connectedness.  Often 
there is a finer-grained scale where internal 
separation, instead, is more clearly perceived; 
attention tends to move across scales as readily as 
across spatial location.  At least as an intuitive 
picture %-- and perhaps, in some contexts, as a formal 
model %-- we can consider this balance of aggregate 
connection and surrounding separation in topological 
terms.  That is, attention tends to introduce (or 
magnify) discontinuity between some focal entity and 
its surroundings, and to minimize discontinuities within it.  
Each particular focus of attention is one manner in 
which a complex object or system may be revealed.  
The continuities and discontinuities thereby involved 
in a particular attention-act are therefore facets of 
the object/system intended in experience, which can 
perhaps be modeled via topology.  In this 
phenomenological thought milieu, objects do not 
have `q.a` topology; but, often, many different 
topologies depending on whether certain discontinuities 
are or are not attended to.
`p`
